how does this scarf suit me anne
oh very well
you look fine really
i'm not sure look maybe this one looks
better
don't panic peter everything is going to
be all right tonight
i don't know actually i have a sore
throat
and i'm losing my voice i'll sing badly
tonight
i'm sure of it come on peter
you will sing very well
you are a professional singer don't
forget it
well i'm going to have some tea
would you like some thank you anne i
would really like a cup of tea
if it's not too much trouble no
not at all i'll just add some water to
the pot
a cup of tea and my
chocolate cake will keep your mind off
the musical
for five minutes at least shall i give
you a hand
oh yes thanks
here is the cake
oh oh peter
okay listen i know
you are nervous but
try to be careful please
i'm sorry anne listen
how do you think the musical will go i
think it will go
very well greece is considered a classic
musical it's successful
entertaining there will be loads of
people clapping
do you really think so sure i do
hey peter what time does the show start
at nine o'clock how are we gonna get to
the theater
i'm going to drive i don't think that's
a very good idea
why not because parking there is almost
impossible okay
we'll take the tube that's a much better
idea
when should we leave around 8 30.
no that's too late
okay we'll leave earlier
oh i'm so sorry anne
you're hopeless
okay okay listen i think
you need to relax a bit
why don't you go and take a nap
i can't sleep i'm too nervous
okay why don't you
rehearse your part again i can't i can't
remember anything
okay okay go
wherever you want just please
leave me alone please
hi em hi peter
i'm starving is there anything to eat
how can you think about food at a time
like this
why what's the matter what's the matter
the performance is tonight come on peter
don't panic everything is going to be
all right tonight
don't worry why does everyone tell me
the same
stupid things because it's the truth
look peter take this lucky charm
i bought it in portobello market this
morning
i'll give it to you as a lucky mascot
remember you have to kiss it three times
and then keep it in the right pocket of
your jacket
why just in the right pocket
well i don't know the woman who gave it
to me
said that this is what you have to do
anyway i'm sure it will bring you luck
[Music]
i'm not so sure
why not shall we bet on it
all right sounds like fun how much
oh let's make it interesting
if it brings you luck you'll take me for
dinner
at bluebird bluebird are you crazy
that's london's most expensive
restaurant i know
i know but the musical is important to
you peter
isn't it well all right alice
what will you do if it
doesn't bring me luck well
i will cook dinner for a month
but you can't cook aha peter
that's why i said it this way
i'm sure you will make it bring you luck
well guys why don't we go to the cinema
tonight
that's a great idea what's on well
there's the new film with schwarzenegger
that should be good you're joking right
no i'm not what would you suggest
how about going to the disco the disco
are you crazy alice that's not even
music
that's simply noise come on peter it's
saturday night
we have to do something special
something exciting and going dancing is
surely more exciting than going to the
cinema
i agree with alice let's go
dancing
what about a third choice i guess anne
is right
why don't we try to find a good
compromise
come on guys how boring and
old-fashioned you are
and you are more frivolous than i am
alice come on
guys don't argue now please
let's vote on it well alice and i want
to go dancing
peter and anne don't
how about you sharon i don't know
well
the disco is probably more entertaining
than the cinema
great okay guys
three against two let's go dancing
here's my party hat
how do you like it you look great
i envy you hats really suit you
well i envy your room and but with all
this traffic
how do you sleep oh i'm used to it which
disco are we going to
paradise it's a new disco on kings road
it's very nice did tom and you go there
together
yes we went last saturday we spent a
nice night together
maybe i asked the wrong question
you don't like tom do you he's boring
very boring besides
he's an aries and he talks too much
last night for example he showed me
all the pictures of his holiday in the
alps
he talked for an hour about the
mountains
but i hate the mountains why'd you say
that
the mountains are beautiful and
spectacular
i prefer the beach it's more relaxing
and entertaining oh i don't know
i think the beach is more boring than
the mountains why do you say that
well think about it lying on the beach
every day
it's much more interesting to be walking
in the countryside
yes but it's usually colder in the
mountains
i think the beach is also more romantic
girls stop talking nonsense
how do i look you look very pretty alice
thanks sharon but you look better than
me
no how can you say that you're much more
tan than i
am yes but you are in better shape and
me
how do i look you are very pretty too
anne i'm sure i'm not nearly as
beautiful as you come on guys
start making stupid comparisons
let's just say that we're all different
hey girls okay are you ready i need your
advice
which shirt is better according to you
the red one it's much better than the
blue one for a disco night
and you sharon what do you think
well i think the red one is funnier
while the blue one is more professional
i prefer the blue one so
girls which shirt should i put on
i told you the red one with that one on
you'll look
more macho yes macho that's the right
word
really macho i like it
okay i'll put on the red shirt
do you agree with alice sharon about
being macho i mean
come on jack it's late
the disco is waiting for us
[Music]
you know
did you see the match yesterday evening
which match
which match iax versus juventus
those teams are boring excuse me
uh excuse me iax
is the best football club in the world
i'm afraid i don't have a clue
know that only music matters
anyway in your opinion
which is the best team
i don't know i heard arsenal is the best
one of all time
they've got the most aggressive players
the most important coach the toughest
goalkeeper peter
peter you are so mistaken
okay what's so great about iax
well first of all their defense is
superb
it's much more intelligent than
arsenal's
no still no
but you promised me you're always
busy no
i don't want to go anymore anyway
thanks daddy thanks for your present
you are the worst father in the world
don't worry i'm gonna have a great
birthday
all the same
is everything okay alice no nothing is
okay
my father keeps on being the same
oh come on alice don't cry
please tell us what happened
well you know i told you
my father decided to give me a trip for
my birthday
well he promised to come with me and
just now
he told me that he can't anymore because
he has some important work
to do as usual oh don't be angry with
him
even if he has something important to do
you can leave for your trip anyways
no i don't want to go anymore
well don't worry alice
we are going to give a big party for you
isn't that true guys absolutely yes
of course you are the
most brilliant the
smartest and the funniest roommate we've
ever had
even if sometimes you are a bit lazy
you need a special party
thanks a lot you are the best friends in
the world
the musical was great wasn't it yes it
was
peter was excellent well
now let's think about the party it's
time for fun
oh by the way who's coming to the party
tomorrow
well david will be here mary
paul and tom will be here as well
everyone will be here
i wonder if jack will be here jack
why he's leaving on a business trip
tomorrow morning
he doesn't know exactly when he'll be
back
hey girls what are you talking about
ann was telling me that you won't be
coming to the party this evening
it isn't true is it yes it is
i'm afraid i can't business before
pleasure
you never will change will you excuse me
hello oh hi i really don't have a choice
listen jack i was wondering
if you really have to go away on
business or
if you're not coming to peter's party
for some other reason
no shame and i i do have a business
engagement
anyway since you asked
i'll tell you there's more
i'm jealous of peter come on jack
you only care about business sure
that's what they all say
but
you know i
i'm interested
in you and
sharing it are you
are you really interested in me
um who are you talking to on the
telephone mary
she wanted to know what time the party's
going to start
i think it will start at about nine
o'clock won't it
well uh girls i have to go finish my
presentation
see you later bye
back to work you'll never quit
will you
um what a shame that jack isn't coming
he's a very interesting person i wonder
if
you're falling in love with him
come on you can tell me
okay but don't
tell anyone yes
he's quite handsome
do you think he likes me sharon what a
question
it's none of my business don't be so
difficult sharon
i was just asking confidentially your
opinion
you are my friend sharon
i'm sorry um
i didn't mean to hurt your feelings i'm
just a bit
nervous these days why
because of peter we're having some
problems
i'm sorry anne but i don't want to talk
about that
i've got to go see you later
bye bye
oh jack you're always so
messy you leave your things
everywhere
but
what's this in the pocket
what it's jack and
sharon and he's kissing her
oh my god
now i understand everything
it's a shame jack isn't here isn't it
yes
it's just not the same without him is it
well business is business you know
well anne i wonder what wonderful food
you cooked for us this evening
and hello are you there
oh sorry peter i was miles away
what did you say what did you cook for
us
oh your favorite fish and chips
oh what would i do without you
hey what about me i
brought the fear yes we're glad you did
cheers cheers cheers is to peter's
success
well guys this is the right time for an
important announcement last night there
was a famous director at the theater
we met after the show and he told me he
is preparing
a musical to be performed all over japan
so he wants to see me for an audition
next week
cheers
surprise jack jack
jack well well not so
dedicated to your work are you peter get
me a beer
now you're talking
hi em is everything okay
yes
no jack
everything's fine it was just really a
surprise
to me
[Music]
jan knew january january
and this one fair brew
early february february
okay so again american english
february okay and for british english
january and february okay
now march remember ch
march march this one
april remember remember
okay april
april some students say
april now very easy
nay nay this one
june
okay so we have june june
this one july
june july july some of my students
say this is julie no sorry this is
july july okay
this one uh
some people would say august
or august or august sorry they're not
correct
this is or okay long or or
august august okay
this one september september
this one october
october
this one november november december
december okay remember
from number uh from september to
december
we will stress at their second syllable
okay so september
october this one
november this one december
again september october
november december which
month of the year do you like best
which month of the year do you like best
i love september
my birthday is in september i love
september my birthday is in september
when do you start your summer vacation
at the beginning of june or at the end
of june or at the middle of june okay
now do you have any plans for your sorry
do you have any plans for august
no nothing special yes of course i'm
gonna visit spain yes of course i'm
gonna visit spain
is it cold in january in paris
yes it's chilly in january in paris
or no it's hard during that time okay
spur spring spring
summer summer for
four autumn autumn
winter winter and remember this tea here
we stress in the first syllable wind
so for the tea that is not stressed we
can say
something in american english so we
so we can say the winter winter
now this is season
season we have rainy season
rainy season that means during that
season
it rains a lot rainy season
or instead of saying rainy season we can
say the word monsoon
monsoon season again
rainy remember this
rainy season monsoon
season and we have dry remember
they are the constant cluster dry
dry season dry season what season do you
like
i like four what do you like doing
in the winter i like skiing in the
winter
do you like monsoon season do you like
monsoon season
yes i do because the weather is
cool and comfortable during the monsoon
yes i do because the weather is cool and
comfortable during the monsoon
no i hate it no i hate it
it's so inconvenient inconvenient
if you want to go out no i hate it it's
so inconvenient if you want to go out
want to you can say wanna if you want
if you want to go out what season
is it in your city now what season is it
in your city now